now i wanna change the work experience section conteent, the structures are definitely ifne, but i would liek to make it milestones rather than work experience, that captures the big milstones in my software development journey, each milestone would be a project that i did, for the experience card, i would change it to milestone card, which has a part for displaying the project, either image or a video, can have placeholder for now, the title for the prject, it also has the date, just as it it right now, with bullet points of like things that i learnt and some thoughts, then the bottom with tags of things that i have learnt also a github link to the prjecy, i wpu;ld ;ike it to be a github logo

first would be my first ever project which is a school project, we made a game called "Guess the thief" using javafx and integrated with openAI apis. its my first time using github for collaboration and documentation. so we have three scenes, the crime scene, suspects scene and the guess scene. So player interact with the scrime scene to get the clue and talk to suspects that are played by well prompted genAI to gather information and then guess the thief. Skills that i have developed would be frist the github workflow, understanding how to develop as a team. then the MVC model which i understood the relationsghip between UI and the backend and how they work together. the API calls, after studying the provided OpenAI API i undertsna dhow apis works and how powerful they are, paving the way for my later projects. As my first ever orginal project, this one feels really fun and helpful. date: 2024 March-May, link: "https://github.com/aolin12138/Guess-the-thief"

Second would be the first web project that i develoepd following a tutorial, where i made a mimic amazon website using html css and javascript, through this project, i learnt a lot about how our websites works, where html creates the building blocks and css 'renders' them, and javascrip handles the interations and functionality, so i get to know the DOM and prepared me well for my later react journey. date: 2025 Feb, link: "https://github.com/aolin12138/ay-javascript-amazon-project"

Third would be my first ever hackason hosted by WDCC and SESA, where we are asked to create apps that fits the theme 'nostalgia'. Our team created a web app called memmory map, so people can post their memories on our app, and our app would create a timeline for the spot based various posts on the same spot. It also generates a personal timeline for the user, where it shows what the user has been doing for the past times. There was another team that had a very similar idea so unfortuantely we didnt win anything. but i think people liked it and that makes me feel really proud i would say, also reminds me the reason why im doing programming that is making things that people like. during the event i leant how to quickly turn ideas into reality and how to coodinate or work as a team in real life not just on github, where we had two groups, one is coding one is for presenations, so each group has to communicate with each other efficientlyso things coodinate. and also most importantly, litsten to others, which allows me to always ghave a open perspective. date: 2025 Aug , link: "https://github.com/aolin12138/Cloud9-WDCC-SESA-Hackason-2025"

Forth would be another school project which is a web app called 'plateful'. Its a web app that recommend the users retaurants based on preferences and users can also explore restaurants. whats special about this project is that, this is actually a legacy project that we inhertied from another group. So i leant how do deal with legacy codes, how to properly documebnt our project so that people who will be inherting my project can understand it easily, such as issues and readme. this really illisturate the real life work enviroment, where developers usually work on other people's codes. date: 2025 aug-oct, link: "https://github.com/aolin12138/se310-plateful"

Fifth would be another hackason i paticipated, the fonterra ai agent challenge. where we are taught about the microsoft fabric ecosystem, and leverage their ai agent to retrieve data from  the azure cloud database. what we are asked to do is to create and train the agent, so that we can retrieve the real fonterra data using just natural language, so how is work is the agent would translate our language to SQL query and query from the azure to retrieve rhe data, and present the data to teh user. the challenge was that we are using the actual fonterrat database, so its huge and it took a long time to understand it, also the training part is ahrd, the agent can handle simple SQL query, however for some complicated ones like we have a lot constraints, it just wont work, so we need to give it examples. It was a fun journey where i understood the fabric ecosystem, and what the workflow for big companies are like, how pwoerful the agents are and their limitations which gives me a directions and motivations for learning agents. date: 2025,Aug

Sixth would be the current project im working on, so future expectation. im trying to build a web app that works as a smart coach, sepcifically for the game league of legends. it utilizes the riot api to retreive the user data, and feed that to a trained agent from google adk, and it would tells the player how to improve etc. or even in the futyre could anlyse the replays of the player and live game analysis and suggesttions. Hopefully, after the project, i understand how to utilize and deploy agents in the web app and create a fun useful apps for people to use. date: present


I would like u to summarise these informations, first convert them into json constants and store in the constants folder for future use, and use the json to generate the milestone card and replace the current cards with it